Feat: init create webpack app (#4167)
webpack/webpack-cli: packages/create-webpack-app/README.md

# `create-webpack-app`

> TODO: description

## Usage

```js
const createWebpackApp = require("create-webpack-app");

> // TODO: DEMONSTRATE API

Reviewer: Do we need to promote the API usage? IMO, CWA interaction should be limited to CLI.

Author: I was thinking the same thing, will surely work on a better readme.

<div>
    <a href="https://github.com/webpack/webpack-cli">
        <img width="200" height="200" src="https://webpack.js.org/assets/icon-square-big.svg">
    </a>
</div>

# create-webpack-app CLI

## About

> - `create-webpack-app` is a cli tool that enables developers to quickly scaffold a new webpack project. It provides a flexible set of commands for developers to increase speed when setting up a custom webpack project. webpack CLI addresses these needs by providing a set of tools to improve the setup of custom webpack configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `create-webpack-app` is a cli tool that enables developers to scaffold a new webpack project quickly. It provides developers with a flexible set of commands to increase speed when setting up a custom webpack project. webpack CLI addresses these needs by providing tools to improve the setup of custom webpack configuration.
```

> - It is also going to support several front end frameworks and libraries like React, Angular, Vue, Svelte, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It also supports several front-end frameworks and libraries like React, Angular, Vue, Svelte, etc.
```

- Webpack Loader and Plugin scaffolding is also supported.

## How to install

```bash

> npm install --save-dev @webpack-cli/create-webpack-app

Reviewer: Installing it locally should not be required, `npx create-react-app my-app` should work directly.
